PROBLEM STATEMENT

ppt 
- to load and go through questions
- express suggestions using static visuals

*create a dashboard to be able to answer all the questions and the used for administration in general.

Customers complain that the prices are high for short distance trips so they dont go through with their orders
Riders are saying that the prices are small so in turn cancel those requests

how many orders are there in total - done
how many of them are short distance trips and long trips - done
how many of the short trips and long trips were completed
how many of the short trips and long trips werent completed
distance and prices of trips accepted by customers
distance and prices of trips accepted by riders
distance and prices of trips rejected by customers
distance and prices of trips rejected by riders
average price for accepting short
average price for accepting long
average price for rejecting short
average price for rejecting long
which period during the total trips had the most cancelations by customers and why?
which period during the total trips had the most cancelations by riders and why?
what were the prices used during the pre-cancelation era?
percentage of total cancelation
rate of cancelation

Find the reason for the cancelations for riders
- gender?
- estimated time of arrival?
 average eta
- age of driver?
- distance?
- delay in time?
- item?
- proximity to client?
- technical/ app?
Find a uniform average for accepted for the distance

make suggestions as a data analyst
- Pay attention to feedback
- Create a feedback system and collect data with the right data arhitecture
- use the data for dashboard dev to answer questions and make suggestions during meetings.

Conclude with my presentation of who data scientist are

lets use maps to know when sectors had issues.

and conclude with my presentation of who data scientist are

-----------------------------------------------------------

cancelled area red
accepted area orange

-----------------------------------------------------------

months accepted cancelled

prices, average prices, max and least
maps
answering questions

total rev - picked short and long
tr - cancelled short and long
total average - picked short and long
short average
long average
expensive short trips
cheap short trips
expensive long trips
cheap short trips


average level counts for each level
below average
above average
